events: make abort_controller event trusted (#35811)
nodejs/node: doc/api/events.md

added: v14.5.0
-->

> * Type: {boolean} Returns `false` for user constructed events and `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Type: {boolean} Value is `false` for user-constructed events and `true`
```

Author: All other properties (like `event.returnValue`) just use "True if..." so I will change to that?

Reviewer: Sure, that works.

  for Node.js internal events.

> Currently only `AbortSignal`s' `"abort"` event is fired with `isTrusted`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only the `AbortSignal` `"abort"` event is fired with `isTrusted`
```

Reviewer: "Currently" suggests that we expect that to change. Do we? If not, let's remove that word.

Author: I expect that to change.

Author: Namely, when/if we add APIs like `fetch` this is likely to change
